README.md, before:

Bios 
===
A puppet module for configuring bios settings

Installation
=== 

Requirements / Supported Platforms
=== 
Not all hardware platforms can have their bios changed in a programmatic way.
The sad truth is that **most** platforms require a warm body to change bios 
settings. You are in luck though if you have something like:

* Intel based platforms (using the syscfg tool)
* Dell C-series Servers (using the setupbios tool)

*Important*: This module assumes you have the proper tool installed and in the
path. This is left as an exercise to the reader. I suggest finding the tool 
appropriate for your platform, pick a place to put it, write a wrapper script 
for /usr/bin and use [fpm](https://github.com/jordansissel/fpm) to package 
it all together.

Configuration
=== 
As long as you have the tool installed in the default path, there shouldn't 
need to be any configuration. It sets up a defined type that you can use 
over and over for each bios setting you need.

Examples
=== 
```
# Easy to set on a dell
bios::setting {'turbo_mode': value => 'disabled' }

# Intel requires some more hand holding with turbo. You set 1/0 and expect Enabled/Disabled..
bios::setting {'Intel(R) Turbo Boost Technology': value => '0', expect => 'Disabled', section => 'Processor Configuration' }

# Set fan speed on intel:
bios::setting {'Fan PWM Offset': value => '100', section => 'System Acoustic and Performance Configuration' }

# Disabled Cstates on dell:
bios::setting {'c_states': value => 'disabled' }

```

What?
===
Where did I get these magic words? How do I know what section to use?
How do I know what valid inputs are for "value" and when to "expect" something
different?

I don't have a good answer. You can look in the docs folder for some example
outputs of these commands. At first I attempted to have puppet validate inputs
to abstract over some of this, but there are just so many possible combinations
of platform/bios revision/hardware/etc. It is much more sane to let the tool
itself validate your inputs. (the tool is the single point of truth)

License
=======


Contact
=======


Support
=======

Commit message:

fixed up readme and added license

README.md, after:

Puppet-Bios 
----------
A puppet module for configuring bios settings. 


Requirements / Supported Platforms
----------- 
Not all hardware platforms can have their bios changed in a programmatic way.
The sad truth is that **most** platforms require a warm body to change bios 
settings. You are in luck though if you have something like:

* Intel based platforms (using the syscfg tool)
* Dell C-series Servers (using the setupbios tool)

*Important*: This module assumes you have the proper tool installed and in the
path. This is left as an exercise to the reader. I suggest finding the tool 
appropriate for your platform, pick a place to put it, write a wrapper script 
for /usr/bin and use [fpm](https://github.com/jordansissel/fpm) to package 
it all together.

Configuration
----------- 
As long as you have the tool installed in the default path, there shouldn't 
need to be any configuration. It sets up a defined type that you can use 
over and over for each bios setting you need.

Examples
--------
```
# Easy to set on a dell
bios::setting {'turbo_mode': value => 'disabled' }

# Intel requires some more hand holding with turbo. You set 1/0 and expect Enabled/Disabled..
bios::setting {'Intel(R) Turbo Boost Technology': value => '0', expect => 'Disabled', section => 'Processor Configuration' }

# Set fan speed on intel:
bios::setting {'Fan PWM Offset': value => '100', section => 'System Acoustic and Performance Configuration' }

# Disabled Cstates on dell:
bios::setting {'c_states': value => 'disabled' }

```

What?
-----
Where did I get these magic words? How do I know what section to use?
How do I know what valid inputs are for "value" and when to "expect" something
different?

I don't have a good answer. You can look in the docs folder for some example
outputs of these commands. At first I attempted to have puppet validate inputs
to abstract over some of this, but there are just so many possible combinations
of platform/bios revision/hardware/etc. It is much more sane to let the tool
itself validate your inputs. (the tool is the single point of truth)

License
-----------
icensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Contact
-------
Kyle Anderson <kyle@xkyle.com>
